
meaning of stolidly, grandeur, squalor, direst


meaning of twanging, reverie (reverie means clothes)

Arkad Quote: If you have not acquired more than a bare existence in the years since
we were youths, it is because you either have failed to learn the laws that
govern the building of wealth, or else you do not observe them.

Algamish Quote: I found the road to wealth when I decided that a part of all I
earned was mine to keep. And so will you.

Arkad Quote: Opportunity is a haughty goddess who wastes no time with those who are unprepared.

Royal Chancellor of King Sargon of the Babylon; Quote: One may not condemn a man for succeeding
because he knows how. Neither may one with justice take away from a man what he has fairly earned,
to give to men of less ability.

Arkad Quote: I tell you, my students, a man's wealth is not in the coins he carries in his purse;
it is the income he buildeth, the golden stream that continually floweth into his purse and keepeth
it always bulging. That is what every man desireth. That is what thou, each one of thee, desireth;
an income that continueth to come whether thou work or travel.

Arkad Quote: This then, is the third cure for a lean purse, to put each coin to labouring that it
may reproduce its kind even as the flocks of the field and help bring to thee income, a stream of
wealth that shall flow constantly into thy purse.

Arkad Quote: The penalty of risk is probable loss. Study carefully, before parting with thy treasure, each assurance
that it may be safely reclaimed. Be not misled by thine I own romantic desires to make wealth rapidly.
"Before thou loan it to any man assure thyself of his ability to repay and his reputation for doing so,
that thou mayest not unwittingly be making him a present of thy hard-earned treasure."

Arkad Quote: Guard thy treasure from loss by investing only where thy principal is safe, where it may be
reclaimed if desirable, and where thou will not fail to collect a fair rental. Consult with wise men.
Secure the advice of those experienced in the profitable handling of gold. Let their wisdom protect thy
treasure from unsafe investments.

Arkad Quote: If a man setteth aside nine parts of his earnings upon which to live and enjoy life, and if 
any part of this nine parts he can turn into a profitable investment without detriment to his well-being,
then so much faster will his treasures grow.

Arkad Quote: Also I say to you, my students, that the money lenders gladly consider the desires of men who
seek homes for land and for their families. Readily may thou borrow to pay the brickmaker and the builder
for such commendable purposes, if thou can show a reasonable portion of the necessary sum which thou thyself
hath provided for the purpose. Then when the house be built, thou canst pay the money lender with the same
regularity as thou didst pay the landlord. Because each payment will reduce thy indebtedness to the money lender,
a few years will satisfy his loan. Then thy heart will be glad because thou wilt own in thy own right a valuable
property and thy only cost will be the king's taxes.

Arkad Quote: For every ten coins thou placest within thy purse take out far use but nine. Thy  purse will start to fatten at once and its increasing weight will feel good in thy hand and bring satisfaction to thy soul.

Arkad Quote: It behoves a man to make preparation for a suitable income in
the days to come, when he is no longer young, and to make preparations for his
family should he be no longer with them to comfort and support them.

                                        THE SEVEN CURES FOR A LEAN PURSE

1. Start thy purse to fattening.

2. Control thy expenditures.

3. Make thy gold multiply.

4. Guard thy treasures from loss.

5. Make of thy dwelling a profitable investment. (Own thy own home.)

6. Insure a future income. (Provide in advance for the needs of thy growing
age and the protection of thy family.)

7. Increase thy ability to earn. (Thus, the seventh and last remedy for a 
lean purse is to cultivate thy own powers, to study and become wiser, to 
become more skillful, to so act as to respect thyself.)


"""

Many things come to a man's life rich with gainful experiences. Such 
things as the following, a man must do if he respects himself.:

He must pay his debts with all the promptness within his power, not 
purchasing that for which he is unable to pay.

He must take care of his family that they may think and speak well of him.

He must make a will of record that, in case the Gods call him, Proper and 
honourable division of his property be accomplished.

He must have compassion upon those who are injured and smitten by 
misfortune and aid them within reasonable limits. He must do deeds of 
thoughtfulness to those dear to him.

"""

Babylonian Proverb: If a man be lucky, there is no foretelling the possible
event of his good fortune. Pitch him into the Euphrates and like as not he
will swim out with a pearl in his hand.

To attract good luck to oneself, it is necessary to take advantage of 
opportunities.

                        THE FIVE LAWS OF GOLD 

"""

A bag heavy with gold or a clay tablet with words of wisdom; if thou hadst 
thy choice; which wouldst thou choose?

"""

Answer: Just like wild dogs that howl and wail because they are lean with 
hunger, and yet when thou feeds them, they fight and strut, then fight and 
strut some more, giving no thought to the morrow that will surely come, 
just so it is with sons of men. Give them a choice of gold and wisdom -- 
what do they do? Ignore the wisdom and waste the gold. On the morrow, they 
wail because they have no more gold.

"Gold is reserved for those who know its laws and abide by them"

 LAW 1 :

 Gold cometh gladly and in increasing quantity to any man who will put
 by not less than one-tenth of his earnings to create an estate for his 
 future and that of his family.

 LAW 2 :

 Gold laboreth diligently and contentedly for the wise owner who finds for 
 it profitable employment, multiplying even as the flocks of the field.

 LAW 3 :

 Gold clingeth to the protection of the cautious owner, who invests it 
 under the advice of men wise in its handling.

 LAW 4 :

 Gold slippeth away from the man who invests it in business or purposes 
 with which he is not familiar or which are not approved by those skilled 
 in its keep.

 LAW 5 :

 Gold flees the man who would force it to impossible earnings or who 
 followeth the alluring advice of tricksters and schemers or who trusts it 
 to his own inexperience and romantic desires in investment.

Where the determination is, the way can be found. (Where there is a will, there is a way.)
