
The human mind is our greatest wealth-building tool.

Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.

All achievement, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea! -> Napoleon Hill.

An intangible impulse of thought can be transmuted into material rewards by the 
application of known principles.

Failure is a trickster with a keen sense of irony and cunning. It takes great delight
in tripping one when success is almost within reach.

Keep on keeping on, no matter how hard the going may be.

Success comes to those who become success conscious. Failure comes to those who indifferently
allow themselves to become failure conscious.

-> Meaning of tramp

When a man really desires a thing so deeply that he is willing to stake his entire future on
a single turn of the wheel in order to get it, he is sure to win.

When one is truly ready for a thing, it puts in its appearance.

Opportunity has a sly habit of slipping in by the back door, and often it comes disguised in the 
form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.

I must know enough to seek expert counsel before giving up.

Before success comes in any man's life, he is sure to meet with much temporary defeat, and perhaps,
some failure.

Successful men say that their greatest success came from just one step beyond the point at which 
defeat had overtaken them.

                                13 STEPS TO THINK AND GROW RICH

One sound Idea is all one needs to achieve success.

-> When riches begin to come, they come so quickly, in such great abundance,
that one wonders where they have been hiding all those lean years.

-> Riches begin with a state of mind, with definiteness of purpose, with little
or no hard work.

-> Every person who wins in any undertaking must be willing to burn his ships
and cut all sources of retreat.

                                SIX WAYS TO TURN DESIRE INTO GOLD

1. Fix in your mind the exact amount of money you desire. It is not sufficient
merely to say "I want plenty of money." Be definite as to the amount. There is 
a psychological reason for definiteness.

2. Determine exactly what you intend to give in retur for the money you desire.
(There is no such reality as "something for nothing.")

3. Establish a definite date when you intend to possess the money you desire.

4. Create a definite plan for carrying out your desire, and begin at once, whether
you are ready or not, to put this plan into action.

5. Write out a clear, concise statement of the amount of money you intend to 
acquire, name the time limit for its acquisition, state wht you intent to give
in return for the money, and describe clearly the plan through which you intend 
to accumulate it.

6. Read your written statement aloud, twice daily, once just beore retiring at 
night, and once after arising in the morning. As you read -- see and feel and 
believe yourself already in possession of the money.


        """

                            I bargained with Life for a penny,
                            And Life would pay no more,
                            However I begged at evening
                            When I counted my scanty store.

                            For Life is a just employer,
                            He gives you what you ask,
                            But once you have set the wages,
                            Why, you must bear the task.

                            I worked for a menial's hire,
                            Only to learn, dismayed,
                            That any wage I had asked of Life,
                            Life would have willingly paid.

        """

"Mental Chemistry" Works Magic

I believe in the power of desire backed by faith, because I have 
seen this power lift men from lowly beginnings to places of power 
and wealth; I have seen it rob the grave of its victims; I have 
seen it serve as the medium by which men staged a comeback after 
having been defeated in a hundred different ways;

Through some strange and powerful principle of "mental chemistry"
which she has never divulged, Nature wraps up in the impulse of 
strong desire "that something" which recognizes no such word as 
impossible, and accepts no such reality as failure.

    THERE ARE NO LIMITATIONS TO THE MIND EXCEPT THOSE WE ACKNOWLEDGE
    BOTH POVERTY AND RICHES ARE THE OFFSPRING OF THOUGHT.

FAITH -> visualization of, and belief in attainment of desire, the 
second step toward riches.

Repetition of affirmation of orders to your subconscious mind is the 
only known method of voluntary development of the emotion of faith.

All thoughts which have been emotionalized (given feeling) and mixed 
with faith, begin immediately to translate themselves into their physical
equivalent or counterpart.

Faith is the "eternal elixir" which gives life, power, and
action to the impulse of thought!

The Magic of Self-Suggestion.

Thoughts which are mixed with any of the feelings of emotions
constitute a "magnetic" force which attracts other similar or
related thoughts.

SELF-CONFIDENCE FORMULA

1. I know that I have the ability to achieve the object of my 
definite purpose in life: therefore, I demand of myself persistent,
continouse action toward its attainment, and I here and now promise
to render such action.

2. I realize the dominating thoughts of my mind will eventually reproduce
themselves in outward physical action, and gradually transform themselves
into physical reality; therefore, I will concentrate my thoughts for thirty
minutes daily, upon the task of thinking the person I intend to become, thereby
creating in my mind a clear mental picture.

3. I know through the principle of autosuggestion, any desire that I 
persistently hold in my mind will eventually seek expression through some 
practical means of attaining the object back of it, therefore, I will devote 
ten minutes daily to demanding of myself the development of self-confidence.

4. I have clearly written down a description of my definite chief aim in life,
and I will never stop trying, until I shall have developed sufficient self-confidence 
for its attainment.

5. I fully realize that no wealth or position can long endure, unless built upon
truth and justice; therefore, I will engage in no transaction which does not 
benefit all whom it affects. I will succeed by attracting to myself the forces I wish
to use, and the cooperation of other people. I will induce others to serve me,
because of my willingness to serve others.I will eliminate hatred, envy, jealousy, 
selfishness and cynicism, by developing love for all humanity, because I know that 
a negative attitude toward others can never bring me success. I will cause others to 
believe in me, because I will believe in them, and in myself. I will sign my name to this
formula, commit it to memory, and repeat it aloud once a day, with full faith that
it will gradually influence my thoughts and actions so that I will become a self-reliant,
and successful person.

        """

                    If you think you are beaten, you are,
                    If you think you dare not, you don't
                    If you like to win, but you think you can't,
                    It is almost certain but you won't.

                    If you think you'll lose, you're lost,
                    For out in the world we find,
                    Success begins with a fellow's will --
                    It's all in the state of mind.

                    If you think you are outclassed, you are,
                    You've got to think high to rise,
                    You've got to be sure of yourself before
                    You can ever win a prize.

                    Life's battles don't always go
                    To the stronger or faster man,
                    But soon or late the man who wins
                    Is the man WHO THINKS HE CAN!

        """
        

